## Reflection

For this repository, I used Tailwind and the [Fylo data storage component project](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/fylo-data-storage-component-1dZPRbV5n) from Frontend Mentor. Having made card-based components in previous assignments, I knew which utility classes I needed a little faster! I started by putting all the necessary text and images in containers, in preparation for multiple flexbox layouts. While I did not have Figma files to discern specifications (they were a paid feature), I utilized Tailwind's extensive documentation to closely match the original design as much as possible. Finally, with the web version complete, I added various media breakpoints for responsiveness on smaller screens. My main challenge this time around was maintaining absolute positioning between breakpoints, as well as designing graphics through CSS (such as the storage bar and the speech bubble). It's clear that Tailwind is a mobile-first system — I wonder if I should've saved the web version for the second half of implementation, or if doing both at the same time is a better practice. Classes were also, like before, hard to keep track of as they accumulated into longer lines. This is especially true for repeated elements (such as the buttons), which needed the same utility classes for consistency — it was troublesome when tweaking values to compare a before and after. Outside of using knowledge of Tailwind for, say, employers, I'll continue to prefer custom CSS in a separate stylesheet.
